# capital-raising
Processes to capital raising 1. Understanding the management structure, governance, and quality Investors are adamant that management structure and governance must be conducive in order to create profitable returns. For a successful roadshow, management must convey efficient oversight controls that exhibit streamlined business procedures and good governance. 2. Understanding key risks Although risks aren’t positive, management must highlight and be upfront about the risks involved. Failure to report any key risks will only portray their inability to identify risks, hence demonstrates bad management. However, instead of spending the majority of their time identifying the risks, management should emphasize their hedging and risk management controls in place to address and mitigate the risks involved in carrying out their business. 3. Informing tactical and long-term strategies Informing investors about the management’s tactical and strategical plans is crucial for investors to understand the company’s future growth and trajectory. Will management be able to create sustainable growth? What are the growth strategies? Are they aggressive or conservative? 4. Identifying key competitors Again, although competition isn’t a positive factor, management must clearly address the issue to its investors. When discussing key competitors, management should lead the conversation to how their competitive advantage is or will be more superior than that of their competitor’s. 5. Outlining the funding purpose and requirements Why does the management need more cash? In what projects will these investments be used for? 6. A thorough analysis of the industry/sector Investors want to not only understand this company, but also the industry. Is it an emerging market? What is this company’s projected growth compared to the industry growth? Are the barriers to entry high/low? Asaba, Nigeria
